ECOPROJECT-12: Documentation for the Poison Pill Operator (#35974)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eco-poison-pill-operator-installation-cli.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: poison-pill
----

. Create the `OperatorGroup` object YAML file:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: poison-pill-manager
  namespace: poison-pill
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - poison-pill
----

. Create the `Subscription` object YAML file:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
    name: poison-pill-manager
    namespace: poison-pill
spec:
    channel: alpha
    name: poison-pill-manager
    source: redhat-operators
    sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
    package: poison-pill-manager
----

.Verification

. Verify the installation succeeded by inspecting the CSV file:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n poison-pill
----

. Verify that the Poison Pill Operator is up and running:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get deploy -n poison-pill
----

> . Verify that the `PoisonPillConfig` CR is created:

Reviewer: Verify that the Poison Pill Operator created the `PoisonPillConfig` CR:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes/eco-poison-pill-operator.adoc

[id="installing-poison-pill-operator-using-cli_{context}"]

> = Installing the Poison Pill Operator using the CLI

Reviewer 2: s/using/by using/ to avoid ambiguity here and throughout (per IBM Style Guide)

The following procedure installs the Poison Pill Operator using the CLI.

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

> .Procedure

Reviewer 2: For this procedure, I recommend matching the convention that is used in the next procedure ("Configuring machine health checks") where you first define the file and show the example YAML and then you use the `oc create` command to create the resource. This is generally how we instruct users in most of our docs, AFAIK. 

I'm thinking it would be more conventional if it were something like this:
1. Define a namespace:
	_Example `namespace.yaml`_ block header and YAML block
2. Create the namespace:
	`$ oc create -f namespace.yaml`

Here's an example of this in our docs: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/updating/installing-update-service.html#update-service-install-cli_update-service

. To create a `Namespace` object YAML file, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+

> .Sample YAML file

Reviewer 2: In addition to my previous comment, I'd suggest giving this sample a name, such as `poison-pill.yaml` and then using that in the commands and definitions throughout the procedure.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: poison-pill-manager
  namespace: poison-pill
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - poison-pill
----

. To create the `Subscription` object YAML file, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file-name>.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
    name: poison-pill-manager
    namespace: poison-pill
spec:
    channel: alpha
    name: poison-pill-manager
    source: redhat-operators
    sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
    package: poison-pill-manager
----

.Verification

. Verify the installation succeeded by inspecting the CSV file:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n poison-pill
----

. Verify that the Poison Pill Operator is up and running:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get deploy -n poison-pill
----

. Verify that the Poison Pill Operator created the `PoisonPillConfig` CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get PoisonPillConfig -n poison-pill
----

> . Verify that each poison pill pod is scheduled and running on each node:

Reviewer 3: should be on each *worker* node, as we don't run on masters

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes/eco-poison-pill-operator.adoc

[id="installing-poison-pill-operator-using-cli_{context}"]
= Installing the Poison Pill Operator by using the CLI

You can use the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) to install the Poison Pill Operator.

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. Create a `Namespace` custom resource (CR) for the Poison Pill Operator:
.. Create the following `Namespace` CR and save the YAML file, for example, `poison-pill-namespace.yaml`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: poison-pill
----
.. To create the `Namespace` CR, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f poison-pill-namespace.yaml
----

. Create an `OperatorGroup` CR:

> .. Create the following `OperatorGroup` CR and save the YAML file, for example, `poison-pill-operator-group.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: You're not actually creating the CR until step 1b, so I'd rephrase this slightly:

```suggestion
.. Define the `OperatorGroup` CR and save the YAML file, for example, `poison-pill-operator-group.yaml`:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: poison-pill-manager
  namespace: poison-pill
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - poison-pill
----
.. To create the `OperatorGroup` CR, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f poison-pill-operator-group.yaml
----

. Create a `Subscription` CR:

> .. Create the following `Subscription` CR and save the YAML file, for example, `poison-pill-subscription.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: Same as my previous comment:
```suggestion
.. Define the `Subscription` CR and save the YAML file, for example, `poison-pill-subscription.yaml`:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
    name: poison-pill-manager
    namespace: poison-pill
spec:
    channel: alpha
    name: poison-pill-manager
    source: redhat-operators
    sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
    package: poison-pill-manager
----
.. To create the `Subscription` CR, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f poison-pill-subscription.yaml
----

.Verification

> . Verify the installation succeeded by inspecting the CSV file:

Reviewer 3: s/file/resource
